QW 1664 NORMAL regul
AS 1972 NORMAL regul
qq 2071 NORMAL regul
QW 367 NORMAL regul
QW 2973 NORMAL regul
WE 2662 NORMAL regul
AS 137 NORMAL regul
QW 94 NORMAL regul
QW 98 NORMAL regul
dwfw 97 NORMAL regul
dwf 117 NORMAL regul
wer 119 NORMAL regul
qwe 146 NORMAL regul
were 96 NORMAL regul
wew3 91 NORMAL regul
JH4 108 HARD regul
QWww 103 NORMAL regul
QWE 99 NORMAL regul
HERE 98 NORMAL item
QW 98 EASY regul
QWE 113 EASY regul
EE 109 EASY regul
WR 107 EASY regul
QWE 1507 NORMAL regul
ert 863 NORMAL item
QWE 596 NORMAL regul
QW 1255 NORMAL item
QW 960 NORMAL item
ER 1030 NORMAL regul
qqqq 2123 NORMAL item
JADF 3180 NORMAL regul
WEe 2216 HARD regul
QQQQ 2241 NORMAL item
qwqw 2031 NORMAL regul
dfgh 1047 NORMAL item
QWER 671 NORMAL item
QWEe 2335 NORMAL regul
1123 552 NORMAL regul
